---
layout: post
title: "2016 was B I G (part 1)"
description: ""
tags: []
---
Travels, Brexit, wedding, pregnancy and a move to the US - all in one year! This post covers the first half of the year.

# January

2016 began in Caseneuve, looking out at the beautiful view from Caroline's parents' house and puking in the bathroom trying to get over some nasty bug. Turns out Provence is cold in the winter! Later in the month we went to Tulle where we bought some tasty local honey in the market, had some good cheese and met some lovely family for the first time (hi Josée, Mireil, Jean-Lou, Domi, Yves, Laurent, Chloë, Vanessa). Tulle was where Chirac cut his teeth politically as Mayor, followed later by wannabe big-guy Hollande. Apparently it's known for its cows.

# February

Started with the completion of the [acquisition of SwiftKey](https://www.ft.com/content/f86534c6-c9fa-11e5-be0b-b7ece4e953a0) by Microsoft for $250m. I had some options so did reasonably well out of the sale. Not quite the same scale as those involved early on who have bought houses with no mortgage with their vested options, but I'm happy. I 

Away from work, the month began with an evening with Sam, Claire, Mel, Avi, Will & Steph to work through all the cheese we brought back from Tulle. Claire pregnant, as is Lysbeth - surely the beginning of the long-expected baby boom in this group of friends?

Three days skiing in Courcheval with Mum, Ruth & Christoph. Mum's first ever trip and Caroline's first as an adult. Both were great. Nice bonding experience for Mum & Caroline when I abandoned boyfriend/son duties and went off with R&C to do some harder skiing at one point. Stayed in a flat in Bosel. Mum loved it all, MUST do it again.

Jenny & family's first visit to see us in London. We'd hoped to have the kids to stay and allow J&C to go out enjoy themselves Saturday evening but it didn't work out :(

# March

Went to Amsterdam to see Lysbeth (pregnant) and Ed (stacked). Sounds like Amsterdam is a nice place to bring up kids. New mum's get their own personal carer who visits them for the first few months. The weekend after we went to Caseneuve again, then the week after to Iceland to see Hadrien and explore! What an incredible place. Stark, raw, barren. So much impressive scenery. The huge horizons and scenery reminded me a lot of the US. Iceland only has 350,000 people, so the recent explosion in tourist numbers is having a big effect on the locals. Icelanders apparently have an attitude to make the most of the feast as a famine is never far away.

# April

I think we got engaged this month?? Not sure. The evening was very special and memorable, but the date not so much. I do remember though that we had pest control visit to try and get rid of the pesky ants that have been living somewhere in King George Court for a couple of years now.

Ruth came to London but stayed with friends. At the end of the month we saw David Gilmour (Pink Floyd fame) at the Royal Albert Hall, good lighting, got a bit tedious tbh after 2 hours. Made a quick trip to the Lakes to take Caroline climbing on some real rock, but it was terrible weather so we didn't go. Officially became a Microsoft employee.

# May

Wedding planning started. Both semi-regret deciding to have a proper celebration, but not very seriously. Hélène and JP start searching about for venues and traiteurs in Provence and do an amazing job, whilst we sit in London feeling useless.

2016 road trip #2, this time to USA and for two weeks. Such a hard life.

# June

So much Brexit chat, it's everywhere. So much so that I've confined my own Brexit chat to a [separate post]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2016-06-28-the-uk-eu-brexit %}).